Add Discord to contact informations (#23789)
mdn/content: files/en-us/mdn/community/contributing/getting_started/index.md

We are an open community of developers, technical writers, and learners building resources for a better Web, regardless of brand, browser, or platform. Anyone can contribute, and each person who does contribute makes us stronger. Together we can continue to drive innovation on the Web to serve the greater good. It starts here, with you.

> Join us on
> [Community Discord server](https://discord.gg/apa6Rn7uEj)
> [GitHub discussions](https://github.com/mdn/mdn-community/)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Join us on the [Community Discord server](https://discord.gg/apa6Rn7uEj) and [GitHub discussions](https://github.com/mdn/mdn-community/)
```

## What can I do to help?

There are multiple avenues you can take to contribute to MDN, depending on your skill set and interests. Therefore, along with each task, we provide a short description and an approximate time each type of task typically takes.

> > If unsure what to do, you are always welcome to [ask for help on community Discord server](https://discord.gg/apa6Rn7uEj).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> If unsure what to do, you are always welcome to [ask for help on the community Discord server](https://discord.gg/apa6Rn7uEj).
```

We are an open community of developers, technical writers, and learners building resources for a better Web, regardless of brand, browser, or platform. Anyone can contribute, and each person who does contribute makes us stronger. Together we can continue to drive innovation on the Web to serve the greater good. It starts here, with you.

[Join us!](/en-US/docs/MDN/Community/Communication_channels)

## What can I do to help?

There are multiple avenues you can take to contribute to MDN, depending on your skill set and interests. Therefore, along with each task, we provide a short description and an approximate time each type of task typically takes.

> > If unsure what to do, you are always welcome to ask for help on the [communication channels](/en-US/docs/MDN/Community/Communication_channels).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
> If you're unsure what to do, you can always ask for help in one of [our communication channels](/en-US/docs/MDN/Community/Communication_channels).
```

When contributing, you agree to make your contributions available under the [Attribution-ShareAlike license](https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/4.0/) (or an alternative license already specified by the page you are editing). In addition, code samples are available under [Creative Commons CC-0](https://creativecommons.org/share-your-work/public-domain/cc0/) (a Public Domain dedication).

> > If you have any questions or concerns about anything discussed here, please [contact us on community Discord server](https://discord.gg/apa6Rn7uEj) or [open a discussion](https://github.com/mdn/mdn-community/discussions/categories/content).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> If you have any questions or concerns about anything discussed here, please [contact us on the community Discord server](https://discord.gg/apa6Rn7uEj) or [open a discussion](https://github.com/mdn/mdn-community/discussions/categories/content).
```
